README.md, before:

# KSMC Data Analytics

About
-----
The data analytics team at KSMC is dedicated to solving our client's most difficult problems with flexible, scalable, and innovative solutions.  We believe the future is written by those who collaborate, cooperate, and build thoughtfully on the work of others.

Tips to Manage our Repositories
-------------------------------
- [How to merge two repositories with unrelated commit histories](https://github.com/ksmc/ksmc.github.io/tree/master/tips/merge-repo.sh)
- [How to understand Github Branch Model](https://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/)

Helpful Links to Manage our Development Lifecycle
-------------------------------------------------
- [General information on software project management with Github](https://zube.io/blog/agile-project-management-workflow-for-github-issues/)
- [Projects vs. Issues](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/39591795/what-is-the-difference-relationship-between-github-projects-and-milestones)
- [Releases](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-releases/)
- [Branching and Release Model](http://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/)
- [Closing issues with commit descriptions](https://help.github.com/articles/closing-issues-using-keywords/)

Some Additional Ideas
---------------------
- [GitFlow-- plugin to help](https://blog.axosoft.com/2017/01/31/gitflow/)

Commit message:

add tips of fork-and-improve

README.md, after:

# KSMC Data Analytics

About
-----
The data analytics team at KSMC is dedicated to solving our client's most difficult problems with flexible, scalable, and innovative solutions.  We believe the future is written by those who collaborate, cooperate, and build thoughtfully on the work of others.

Tips to Manage our Repositories
-------------------------------
- [Github Style and Naming Convention](https://github.com/agis/git-style-guide)
- [How to merge two repositories with unrelated commit histories](https://github.com/ksmc/ksmc.github.io/tree/master/tips/merge-repo.sh)
- [How to understand Github Branch Model](https://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/)
- [How to fork and make improvements to open source libraries](https://github.com/ksmc/ksmc.github.io/tree/master/tips/fork-and-improve.sh)

Helpful Links to Manage our Development Lifecycle
-------------------------------------------------
- [General information on software project management with Github](https://zube.io/blog/agile-project-management-workflow-for-github-issues/)
- [Projects vs. Issues](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/39591795/what-is-the-difference-relationship-between-github-projects-and-milestones)
- [Releases](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-releases/)
- [Branching and Release Model](http://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/)
- [Closing issues with commit descriptions](https://help.github.com/articles/closing-issues-using-keywords/)

Some Additional Ideas
---------------------
- [GitFlow-- plugin to help](https://blog.axosoft.com/2017/01/31/gitflow/)
